Are you going to cover up for him?
No.
Since he made a mistake
I think apologizing is too cheap for him.
Since you made a mistake
Will be punished
Right
Let you steal
Let you lie
You steal?
you
Gu Sheng, look at how badly the stone is injured now.
Let him heal first
Wait for him.
I took him to school to personally apologize to Niuniu
He doesn't have to go to school.
I've already done his dropout.
It can't be that serious, can it?
I will put him in a normal kindergarten
No one will know his identity
He is not allowed to enjoy any privileges or privileges
And confiscate pocket money from today
I think he just has too much pocket money.
Then choose to bully other students
Fair enough.
Start today.
All your cards are also suspended.
Lest you give him money behind my back
I won't
Can I not give him flowers?
It's not negotiable.
Today, Mr. Liu Xiao called me to apologize
He also said that the classmate who bullied Yoyo has dropped out of school
It's all your doing, you don't have to thank me
It was me.
I should say sorry to you
Uncle Gu, what are you sorry for?
You sent me to school
Please treat me to such a delicious meal
You must like me very much to be so nice to me
Right
Uncle likes you very much.
Can you grant me a wish?
Of course you can wish for anything
Uncle Gu
Don't be my dad